The Joe Rogan experience.
Yeah. But there's also like gun culture that people don't like,
the celebration of shooting things. Mm-hmm <affirmative> and blowing things up.
People get angry at that because they,
they feel like it's glorifying it and they feel like you're gonna get those guns
and put 'em in the hands of, uh, toxic male people.
And they're gonna wanna shoot.
People if 400 million guns in this country. If we were a problem,
you would know it.
Yeah. But.
It's really that simple. It's an.
Olds, so many guns. Right. That's, what's crazy. And to think about.
Guns and people and, and,
and yet still we don't lead the world in gun deaths. Who does?
That's a good question. I think we cuz came in like we were like, right.
I think we're like at 12 number 12 or something like that. Really?
Yeah. We're not. I thought we were number one. No, we're not.
We need to work harder boys. Not <laugh> we're.
Number one. No, but even, but even, but even still again,
65% of those are suicides. Right. But then if you,
and so I can hear people say all the time, they'll say, well,
<affirmative> those suicides are, are,
are more efficiently done because of guns. So I was like,
so what's the solution ban guns, guns.
Make it harder. No. To kill.
Yourself. I mean, by banning guns. Yeah. Like I said, but like I said,
at the beginning of this, the only logical conclusion it's to ban guns.
What's that United States is low.
If you're going per capita mm-hmm <affirmative>.
But that like you take the top 10 and you add 'em all up and it's not as many as
it happen in the United States. So.
We're number one.
Number two behind.
Brazil in terms of the actual, like total number, total deaths. Yeah.
Total deaths. Now what's the population of Brazil do that.
Brazil's got a lot of people. Wow. We're number one.
Uh, number two by 14,000. But the.
Per hundred thousand, we are number 25 20.
Which is which, which I think is a more accurate assessment.
If you take into account the number, what is,
what's the population of people in Brazil.
So we capital we're number 20 Brazil has a lot of people go back to the actual
numbers again. What are we at there? Two.
Right on that. This is of 20 16, 20 16.
So there's 6,000 ish. Yeah.
So 6,000 ish more in Brazil per year than the
United States, which is, uh, that's surprising,
but deaths per a hundred thousand, they have 19, we have 10, that's a big jump.
It's almost double.
And there's way more people in India and they have way less and.
Yeah. Way more people. Right. They have like a billion people. Yeah.
And then Mexico is surprisingly low. Go down there. Look at Mexico.
That's really low. I I'm kind of shocked by that.
They have less than half what we have. Huh? Interesting deaths per.
100,000. You talking, are you talking about population?
No. Um, the amount of deaths they have total. Yeah.
From, but what's the population of.
Mexico? Well, it says deaths per 100,000. They have 11.8 deaths.
We have 10.6. So wouldn't that make them more than us?
There's a total death.
In terms, in terms of per capita. Yeah. Per capita. But as far as,
as far as total numbers, bro, look at.
Venezuela 38. Oh yeah. Death per a hundred thousand. They have a lot more, holy.
This, their number one or El Sal eight El Salvador's 39.
It's only 2,500 people died. I'm just comparatively.
That's why it's a super dangerous 13 in Greenland.
Yeah. Yeah. But Greenland has a population of two.
People. Yeah. They just killed each other and they jumped up to number one.
<laugh> yeah. It's um, wow. Puerto Rico's that high on the list.
Go back up to that. I'm gonna have to call John Don kinda separately.
It's part of America. Uh, because it's not same the Virgin. I mean, it is,
it is not America. It's like neither is Hawaii, you know? I mean,
why is America? But let's be honest. We stole that. You know,
not we, but somebody did it's five hours by plane in the middle of the ocean.
How the is that America? It is true. And.
Uh, it's kinda like all cities in Houston. Yeah.
<Laugh> it's this place. I mean, this, uh, this chart is kind of surprising,
like seeing those, the, the death numbers that, that is surprising,
but so number one, all total deaths though is Brazil.
So we're number two for all total deaths, but Brazil,
I don't believe has the same population as America was Brazil's total
population. I wanna say a hundred thou,
a hundred million rather that's my guess.
Two hundred and eleven, two hundred eleven. And we have 300 million,
300 about yeah.
Hmm. Yeah. Brazil's dangerous as though. In some,
some areas like the faves you ever see city of God. Yes. Woo.
What a crazy movie that is.
In an eerily way. Very beautiful at the same time. Yeah.
Yeah. Well, it's a brilliant movie. Yeah. It's a brilliant movie. So yeah,
Brazil's got a strange situation.
I mean, I think recently they just think the new president just kind of
loosen the grip on the gun laws in Brazil, but generally speaking,
the gun laws in Brazil, very, very strict. Hmm.
Did it is interesting that places with the highest gun laws in America are the
places with the most amount of gun violence. That's so.
Strange. Well, I think, I think because by and large, the,
the attempted solution for the violence,
because those places also have the highest concentrations of inner cities,
right? And so there are solution for those,
for those things was always gun control and in response to it,
it's always more gun control. And if that doesn't work, add more gun control.
If that doesn't work, sprinkle a little bit more gun control.
And if that doesn't work, let's put just a little bit more gun control.
This time I promised this gun control will work and then it keeps happening.
Gun control, gun control, gun control, gun control.
That's the point that I'm making the answer is always going to be gun control.
Catch new episodes. The Joe Rogan experience for free only on Spotify.
Watch back catalog J E videos on Spotify,
including clips easily seamlessly switch between video
and audio experience on Spotify.
You can listen to the JRE in the background while using other apps and can
download episodes to save on data cost. All for free.
Spotify is absolutely free.
You don't have to have a premium account to watch new JRE episodes.
You just need to search for the JRE on your Spotify app.
Go to Spotify now to get this full episode of the Joe Rogan experience.